Logs/2026-01-02.md, before:

# 🛡️ Day [02]: [2026-01-02]

## 🎯 The Tomorrow Plan (Prep Tonight)
*Set these 3 intentions before bed to hit the ground running.*

- [ ] **Physical:** (Legs & 10k Walk)
- [ ] **Intellectual:** (Practice writing an Email in German)
- [ ] **Project:** (Everform Obstacle Variation & Speed Scaling (Optional))

---

## 🍱 Fuel (Meal Plan)
*Standard baseline. Adjust quantities if needed.*

| Ingredient | Calories | Protein | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 700g White Fish (Oven) | 630 | 126g | [ ] |
| 8 Spoons Brown Rice | 210 | 5g | [ ] |
| 1.5 tbsp Olive Oil | 180 | 0g | [ ] |
| Salad + Yogurt + Apple | 225 | 11.5g | [ ] |
| **TOTALS** | **~1,245 kcal** | **~142.5g** | |

---

## 📝 The After-Action Report
*To be completed at the end of the day.*

### 🧠 Mindset & Thoughts
*(How did I feel today? What was the "vibe" of my environment and how did I handle it?)*
> 

### 🚫 Habit Resistance
*Did I face any triggers (smoking/junk food)? How did I beat them?*
> 

### ⭐ The Small Win
*One specific thing I am proud of today:*
> 

### 🇩🇪 German Word of the Day
*Word:* *Meaning:*

Commit message:

feat: Refine German verb study materials and enhance daily logs with new entries

Logs/2026-01-02.md, after:

# 🛡️ Day [02]: [2026-01-02]

## 🎯 The Tomorrow Plan (Prep Tonight)
*Set these 3 intentions before bed to hit the ground running.*

- ✅ **Physical:** (Legs & 10k Walk)
- ✅ **Intellectual:** (Practice writing an Email in German)
- ✅ **Project:** (Everform Obstacle Variation & Speed Scaling (Optional))

---

## 🍱 Fuel (Meal Plan)
*Standard baseline. Adjust quantities if needed.*

| Ingredient | Calories | Protein | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 700g White Fish (Oven) | 630 | 126g | ✅ |
| 12 Spoons Brown Rice | 315 | 7.5g | ✅ |
| 1.5 tbsp Olive Oil | 180 | 0g | ✅ |
| Salad + Yogurt + Apple | 225 | 11.5g | ✅ |
| **TOTALS** | **~1,350 kcal** | **~145g** | |

---

## 📝 The After-Action Report
*To be completed at the end of the day.*

I woke up today feeling that I wanna eat something, I wasn't hungry, but I felt I wanna eat. I ignored that feeling, and went to workout, but it stayed with during the workout till 11 AM maybe. If I didn't get myself busy on the project probably I could fall for this feeling and ate, I will try to keep myself busy as long as I can. I also got email saying *"Your account has been approved, and your app is now live on the ironSource Ads network."* it's for my application "Achtung" I didn't work on it for a while I had an update on hold because of the ad implementation maybe I've to work on it tomorrow, but I need to design with Blender for "Everform" too. It seems along day waiting for me tomorrow.

### 🚫 Habit Resistance
*Did I face any triggers (smoking/junk food)? How did I beat them?*

Today is Friday, and I'm used to going to the cafe and smoking hookah after the gym. I was afraid of walking beside the cafe and seeing everyone smoking over there that would trigger the cue, but I didn't take money before going to the gym to protect myself from the cue.

### ⭐ The Small Win
*One specific thing I am proud of today:*

I cooked the fish by myself, and I will no longer have to order delivery or wait for someone to make food for me.
